National Institute of Standards and Technology | NIST
An official website of the United States government
Info
The .gov means it’s official.
Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you’re on a federal government site.
The site is secure.
The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
https://www.nist.gov/national-institute-standards-and-technology
Search NIST
MEASURE. INNOVATE. LEAD.
Working with industry and science to advance innovation and improve quality of life.
Services & Resources
Labs & Major Programs
Publications
Featured Topics
Standard Reference Materials are certified reference materials (CRMs) that can be used to help develop accurate methods of analysis, to calibrate measurement systems used to measure a property at the state-of-the-art limit.
Standard Reference Data cover a broad range of scientific disciplines including atomic and molecular physics, chemical and crystal structures, fluids, material properties, biotechnology, optical character recognition and more. Data products include web applications, personal computer products, site licenses, subscriptions and distributor agreements. The SRD data program includes the Journal of Physical and Chemical Reference Data.
News
March 10, 2020
Unlike diamonds, solar panels are not forever. Ultraviolet rays, gusts of wind and heavy rain wear away at them over
March 6, 2020
Have you heard of foldable smartphones? How about the flexible television screen that rolls up into a box? Or the
February 26, 2020
The high plateaus of Colorado’s Rocky Mountains, known for panoramic vistas, wildlife, old gold mines and sports of all
February 26, 2020
Silicon, the best-known semiconductor, is ubiquitous in electronic devices including cellphones, laptops and the
Events
Wed, May 27 - Thu, May 28 2020
2020 Advancing Cybersecurity Risk Management Conference: What to Expect Building on the 2018 NIST Cybersecurity Risk
Sun, May 31 - Thu, Jun 4 2020
REGISTRATION IS OPEN! Abstract Deadline Extended until March 2nd! The 2020 joint conference on International Scanning
Tue, Jun 23 - Fri, Jun 26 2020
On June 23-26, 2020, NIST will hold the 14th International Conference on New Developments and Applications in Optical
HEADQUARTERS
100 Bureau Drive
Gaithersburg, MD 20899
|
|
How are we doing?