What is NIST Compliance? | Digital Guardian
Challenges Industries By Role
The Platform
Deployment Options
Technology Partners WHITEPAPERTechnicalOverview
Services and Support
Managed Security Program CASE STUDYRead how a customer deployed a data protection program to 40,000 users in less than 120 days.
Resource Center
Security Knowledge Base E-BOOKDefinitive Guideto DLP
Search
The Most Comprehensive Data Protection SolutionDiscover, classify, and protect your data from all threats with the only Gartner Magic Quadrant DLP and Forrester Wave EDR Leader.First and Only Solution to Converge:Data Loss PreventionEndpoint Detection and ResponseUser and Entity Behavior Analytics
Digital Guardian's BlogPopular Topics:
What is NIST Compliance?by
on Friday September 7, 2018
The NIST is a key resource for technological advancement and security at many of the country’s most innovative organizations. As such, compliance with NIST standards and guidelines has become a top priority in many high tech industries today.A Definition of NIST ComplianceThe
is a non-regulatory government agency that develops technology, metrics, and standards to drive innovation and economic competitiveness at U.S.-based organizations in the science and technology industry. As part of this effort, NIST produces standards and guidelines to help federal agencies meet the requirements of the . NIST also assists those agencies in protecting their information and information systems through cost-effective programs.Specifically, NIST develops Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) in congruence with FISMA. The Secretary of Commerce approves FIPS, with which federal agencies must comply – federal agencies may not waive the use of the standards. NIST also provides guidance documents and recommendations through its Special Publications (SP) 800-series. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) policies require that agencies must comply with NIST guidance, unless they are national security programs and systems.NIST Compliance at a GlanceGenerally speaking, NIST guidance provides the set of standards for recommended security controls for information systems at federal agencies. These standards are endorsed by the government, and companies comply with NIST standards because they encompass security best practices controls across a range of industries – an example of a widely adopted NIST standard is the . NIST standards are based on best practices from several security documents, organizations, and publications, and are designed as a framework for federal agencies and programs requiring stringent security measures.In many cases, complying with NIST guidelines and recommendations will help federal agencies ensure compliance with other regulations, such as HIPAA, FISMA, or SOX. NIST guidelines are often developed to help agencies meet specific regulatory compliance requirements. For example, NIST has outlined toward FISMA compliance:Categorize the data and information you need to protectDevelop a baseline for the minimum controls required to protect that informationConduct risk assessments to refine your baseline controls>Document your baseline controls in a written security plan>Roll out security controls to your information systemsOnce implemented, monitor performance to measure the efficacy of security controlsDetermine agency-level risk based on your assessment of security controlsAuthorize the information system for processingContinuously monitor your security controls whitepaperA Data-Centric Approach to Federal Government Security NIST Compliance BenefitsThe initial benefit of NIST compliance is that it helps to ensure an organization’s infrastructure is secure. NIST also lays the foundational protocol for companies to follow when achieving compliance with specific regulations such as HIPAA or FISMA. It’s important to keep in mind, however, that complying with NIST is not a complete assurance that your data is secure. That’s why NIST guidelines begin by telling companies to inventory their cyber assets using a value-based approach, in order to find their most sensitive data and prioritize protection efforts around it.NIST SP 800-Series ComplianceMany security solutions and services offer continuous, automated monitoring of the NIST 800-seies to help government agencies through the process of identifying and prioritizing their cyber assets, identifying risk thresholds, determining optimal monitoring frequency, and reporting to authorized officials. Some of the most common NIST SP 800-series guidelines that agencies seek help in complying with include , which provides guidelines on security controls that are required for federal information systems, , which helps promote nearly real-time risk management through continuous monitoring of the controls defined in NIST 8000-53, , which provides additional guidance relating to enterprise-wide reporting and monitoring using automation.The Latest from NISTIn May 2015, NIST released a draft document, “Protecting Controlled Unclassified Information in Nonfederal Information Systems and Organizations,” . The new document provides guidance for organizations looking to protect sensitive unclassified federal information that is housed in nonfederal information systems and environments, including non-federal information systems that lie outside existing laws such as FISMA and any components of non-federal systems that process, store, or transmit controlled unclassified information (CUI). The document helps to clarify the role of third parties in data breach incidents and provides guidance on the types of data to protect and the kinds of protections to apply. This document especially is helpful for private sector firms.Tags:
Recommended Resources
webinars
analyst reports
webinars
Nate Lord
Nate Lord is the former editor of Data Insider and is currently an account manager covering the southeast, Great Lakes, and Latin America regions at Digital Guardian. He has over 7 years of experience in the information security industry, working at Veracode prior to joining Digital Guardian in 2014. Nate enjoys learning about the complex problems facing information security professionals and collaborating with Digital Guardian customers to help solve them.
Related Blog Posts
↓
©Digital Guardian
All rights reserved.