Enterprise IP & DLP Software | Digital Guardian
Challenges Industries By Role
The Platform
Deployment Options
Technology Partners WHITEPAPERTechnicalOverview
Services and Support
Managed Security Program CASE STUDYRead how a customer deployed a data protection program to 40,000 users in less than 120 days.
Resource Center
Security Knowledge Base E-BOOKDefinitive Guideto DLP
Search
The Industry’s OnlySaaS Solution forEnterprise DLP No-Compromise Data Protection.
No-compromise data protection that STOPS data loss Your organization relies on sensitive data, you need no-compromise data protection. Cloud-delivered for reduced complexity, cross platform coverage for zero gaps, and flexible controls to align with your risk profile.
The Recognized Leader. Just Ask Gartner. Digital Guardian is a “leader” in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Enterprise DLP for the 5th time in a row.
No-compromise data protection tostop data loss before it happens.
Data LossPrevention Locate, understand, and protect your sensitive data Get full coverage at the endpoint, on the network, and in the cloud DLP leader recognized by Gartner and Forrester
Manage Detectionand Response Elite team of analysts continuously hunting for cyber threats Understand the sensitivity of your data at risk to prioritize threats Detailed attack sequences for advanced threat hunting
Cloud Delivered.Powered by AWS. Eliminate burden on your team to deploy and maintain Reduce time to value and cut costs Instantly scale for your evolving business
Works With Your Existing Security Tools
What's New at Digital Guardian eBookThe Definitive Guide to DLP Get the latest edition of this eBook to learn about the current state of DLP, how to evaluate vendors, and how to succeed with your DLP program. WebinarReducing Cyber Risk While Increasing ROI Learn how cybersecurity solutions and cyber insurance work together and how to choose solutions that will effectively reduce your cyber risk. Blog PostTop Considerations When Evaluating Data Classification Tools19 data classification experts share their recommendations for evaluating data classification tools.
↓
©Digital Guardian
All rights reserved.