Data Protection | Digital Guardian
Challenges Industries By Role
The Platform
Deployment Options
Technology Partners WHITEPAPERTechnicalOverview
Services and Support
Managed Security Program CASE STUDYRead how a customer deployed a data protection program to 40,000 users in less than 120 days.
Resource Center
Security Knowledge Base E-BOOKDefinitive Guideto DLP
Search
The Most Comprehensive Data Protection SolutionDiscover, classify, and protect your data from all threats with the only Gartner Magic Quadrant DLP and Forrester Wave EDR Leader.First and Only Solution to Converge:Data Loss PreventionEndpoint Detection and ResponseUser and Entity Behavior Analytics
Digital Guardian's BlogPopular Topics:
Categories - Data Protection
AllData Loss PreventionData Protection 101EncryptionInsider Threat
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services finalized two new rules designed to give patients better control over their data.
National security professionals tightly monitor Super Tuesday voting, Coronavirus complicates security operations, and more  - catch up on the week's news with the Friday Five.
Learn about data breach insurance, why it's important, how it works, and what to look for in a policy in the latest Data Protection 101, our series on the fundamentals of information security.
What is cyber insurance? Get a definition, learn why it's important, how it works, best practices, and more in this week's Data Protection 101, our series on the fundamentals of information security.
Chinese hackers breach online gambling sites, CISA warns of ransomware attacks across the critical infrastructure sector, and more - catch up on the week's news with the Friday Five.
Following an attack on a gas compression facility, CISA is urging organizations to take steps to safeguard their systems.
A voting app ignites a security debate, the US brings new charges against Huawei, and how the DPO and CISO complement each other - catch up on the week's news with the Friday Five!
New legislation, introduced today, would give the agency authority to enforce data practices, launch investigations, and issue subpoenas.
Ransomware takes a dangerous turn, a flaw in the Android Twitter app is exploited, and more - catch up on the week's news with the Friday Five.
Ireland's Data Protection Commission has announced that it's looking into Google yet again - this time for the way it processes user location data and transparency. Pages…
SUBSCRIBEGet email updates with the latestfrom the Digital Guardian Blog Daily     Weekly  Thank you for subscribing!
ANALYST REPORTS
↓
©Digital Guardian
All rights reserved.