Security News | Digital Guardian
Challenges Industries By Role
The Platform
Deployment Options
Technology Partners WHITEPAPERTechnicalOverview
Services and Support
Managed Security Program CASE STUDYRead how a customer deployed a data protection program to 40,000 users in less than 120 days.
Resource Center
Security Knowledge Base E-BOOKDefinitive Guideto DLP
Search
The Most Comprehensive Data Protection SolutionDiscover, classify, and protect your data from all threats with the only Gartner Magic Quadrant DLP and Forrester Wave EDR Leader.First and Only Solution to Converge:Data Loss PreventionEndpoint Detection and ResponseUser and Entity Behavior Analytics
Digital Guardian's BlogPopular Topics:
Categories - Security News
AllData BreachesEventsInfographicsPolicy
SC Labs' review highlights the visibility provided by the solution, its ability to identify, tag, and fingerprint sensitive data, and provide insider/external threat protection.
Ponemon Institute's annual data breach readiness survey suggests the increased adoption of security technologies but the continuation of problems, like spear phishing attacks.
We're thrilled to share that Digital Guardian won the Best Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Solution at the 2020 SC Trust Awards at RSA Conference!
Digital Guardian is pleased to share that effective today, we've launched a new Managed Detection & Response (MDR) service to better help customers secure their most sensitive data.
RSA 2020 is around the corner! Learn what Digital Guardian has planned at booth S935 and elsewhere for the week.
The settlement, one of the highest in US history, is a testament to robust privacy legislation.
Ransomware hits New Orleans, a web hosting firm hit with a $10M GDPR fine, and a 15 million person breach - catch up on the week's news with the Friday Five.
A new data breach report highlights risks for 2020, a website selling spying tools taken down, and more - catch up on the week's news with the Friday Five.
In this Q&A, we sit down with Harlan Carvey, Digital Guardian's new Senior Threat Hunter, to dig into how he approaches threat hunting, incident response, and more.
A phishing campaign targeting Microsoft Office 365 users, a mobile dining app breach, a medical group hacked, and more - catch up on the week's news with the Friday Five. Pages…
SUBSCRIBEGet email updates with the latestfrom the Digital Guardian Blog Daily     Weekly  Thank you for subscribing!
ANALYST REPORTS
↓
©Digital Guardian
All rights reserved.