Threat Research | Digital Guardian
Challenges Industries By Role
The Platform
Deployment Options
Technology Partners WHITEPAPERTechnicalOverview
Services and Support
Managed Security Program CASE STUDYRead how a customer deployed a data protection program to 40,000 users in less than 120 days.
Resource Center
Security Knowledge Base E-BOOKDefinitive Guideto DLP
Search
The Most Comprehensive Data Protection SolutionDiscover, classify, and protect your data from all threats with the only Gartner Magic Quadrant DLP and Forrester Wave EDR Leader.First and Only Solution to Converge:Data Loss PreventionEndpoint Detection and ResponseUser and Entity Behavior Analytics
Digital Guardian's BlogPopular Topics:
Categories - Threat Research
AllMalwareRansomwareScreenshot DemoVideos
National security professionals tightly monitor Super Tuesday voting, Coronavirus complicates security operations, and more  - catch up on the week's news with the Friday Five.
Chinese hackers breach online gambling sites, CISA warns of ransomware attacks across the critical infrastructure sector, and more - catch up on the week's news with the Friday Five.
Following an attack on a gas compression facility, CISA is urging organizations to take steps to safeguard their systems.
Ransomware takes a dangerous turn, a flaw in the Android Twitter app is exploited, and more - catch up on the week's news with the Friday Five.
The state of New York may ban ransomware payments, NFL Twitter accounts get hacked, and Facebook releases a new data privacy tool for users - catch up on the week's news with the Friday Five.
Job performance details of over 900 employees left exposed online, a new ransomware family targets Windows 10 users, and more - catch up on the week's news with the Friday Five.
CISA is spreading new guidance to ensure admins can properly defend against Emotet malware attacks, which the agency claims are on the rise.
The U.S. military fears OPSEC failures as more troops are deployed to the Middle East, an app exposes the sensitive data of babies, and a site helping Australian bushfire victims becomes a victim itself - catch up on the week's news with the Friday Five.
Possible Iranian retaliation may include cyberattacks, laboratory testing company receives lawsuit after data breach, and another school district hit with ransomware - catch up on the week's news with the Friday Five.
Ransomware takes down a USCG Maritime Facility, an email server belonging to the Special Olympics New York is hacked, and more - catch up on all the week's news with the Friday Five. Pages…
SUBSCRIBEGet email updates with the latestfrom the Digital Guardian Blog Daily     Weekly  Thank you for subscribing!
WHITEPAPERS
↓
©Digital Guardian
All rights reserved.