Industry Insights | Digital Guardian
Challenges Industries By Role
The Platform
Deployment Options
Technology Partners WHITEPAPERTechnicalOverview
Services and Support
Managed Security Program CASE STUDYRead how a customer deployed a data protection program to 40,000 users in less than 120 days.
Resource Center
Security Knowledge Base E-BOOKDefinitive Guideto DLP
Search
The Most Comprehensive Data Protection SolutionDiscover, classify, and protect your data from all threats with the only Gartner Magic Quadrant DLP and Forrester Wave EDR Leader.First and Only Solution to Converge:Data Loss PreventionEndpoint Detection and ResponseUser and Entity Behavior Analytics
Digital Guardian's BlogPopular Topics:
Categories - Threat Research
AllFinancial ServicesHealthcareManufacturing
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services finalized two new rules designed to give patients better control over their data.
In the healthcare sector, concerns about the spreading coronavirus outbreak have reignited discussion around HIPAA, protected health information, and when it's legal for healthcare providers to disclose patient records.
The employee accessed information, including names, addresses, and social security numbers, from Feb. 2017 to Oct. 2019.
A new bill in California would amend the CCPA and further health data exemptions - namely data that's been de-identified in the eyes of HIPAA.
The U.S. HHS released a draft of its federal health IT plan for 2020-2025 and health and privacy are top of mind.
The employees allegedly stole confidential information belonging to the company, including batch production control records for drug manufacturing, according to reports.
The company alleges a former employee violated company policy and betrayed its trust as he "intentionally decimated" its North American business.
The New York Department of Financial Services' Cybersecurity Regulation was implemented years ago but one of the regulation's compliance deadlines remains.
In the face of mounting attacks against critical infrastructure, NERC, which oversees the United States' electrical grid, is retooling how it addresses cybersecurity.
In wake of a massive breach, a U.S. Senator is pressing the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to explain how it oversees medical imaging security. Pages
SUBSCRIBEGet email updates with the latestfrom the Digital Guardian Blog Daily     Weekly  Thank you for subscribing!
↓
©Digital Guardian
All rights reserved.