Nate Lord | Digital Guardian
Challenges Industries By Role
The Platform
Deployment Options
Technology Partners WHITEPAPERTechnicalOverview
Services and Support
Managed Security Program CASE STUDYRead how a customer deployed a data protection program to 40,000 users in less than 120 days.
Resource Center
Security Knowledge Base E-BOOKDefinitive Guideto DLP
Search
The Most Comprehensive Data Protection SolutionDiscover, classify, and protect your data from all threats with the only Gartner Magic Quadrant DLP and Forrester Wave EDR Leader.First and Only Solution to Converge:Data Loss PreventionEndpoint Detection and ResponseUser and Entity Behavior Analytics
Digital Guardian's BlogPopular Topics:
Nate Lord
Nate Lord is the former editor of Data Insider and is currently an account manager covering the southeast, Great Lakes, and Latin America regions at Digital Guardian. He has over 7 years of experience in the information security industry, working at Veracode prior to joining Digital Guardian in 2014. Nate enjoys learning about the complex problems facing information security professionals and collaborating with Digital Guardian customers to help solve them.
Nate Lord - Categories
AnyData BreachesData Protection 101Malware
Niddel chief data scientist and co-founder Alex Pinto joins our latest podcast for a conversation on the myths and realities of two of infosec's top buzzwords.
Learn about threat detection and response tools in Data Protection 101, our series on the fundamentals of information security.
The NotPetya fallout continues, with global transport and logistics conglomerate Maersk reporting up to $300 million in losses following a June cyber attack.
A man who stole half a million dollars’ worth of intellectual property from a former employer to use at a competitor has been sentenced to 18 months in prison as well as over $170,000 in restitution payments.
MongoDB head of product security Davi Ottenheimer gives a forward-looking perspective on how technological advances like artificial intelligence and machine learning are changing enterprise security strategy in our latest podcast.
Learn about user activity monitoring solutions in Data Protection 101, our series on the fundamentals of information security.
With the release of its Q2 financial results, pharmaceutical giant Merck is the latest company to report material impact following malware infections.
Learn about common data egress channels and how to prevent unauthorized data egress in Data Protection 101, our series on the fundamentals of information security.
A panel of infosec and financial services professionals weigh in on the top threats and security priorities for the financial industry.
Dr. Jessica Barker joins our hosts for an episode focused on this often-ignored yet critically important subject from the human side of cybersecurity. Pages… SUBSCRIBEGet email updates with the latestfrom the Digital Guardian BlogDaily    Weekly   E-mail *
ANALYST REPORTS
↓
©Digital Guardian
All rights reserved.