Juliana De Groot | Digital Guardian
Challenges Industries By Role
The Platform
Deployment Options
Technology Partners WHITEPAPERTechnicalOverview
Services and Support
Managed Security Program CASE STUDYRead how a customer deployed a data protection program to 40,000 users in less than 120 days.
Resource Center
Security Knowledge Base E-BOOKDefinitive Guideto DLP
Search
The Most Comprehensive Data Protection SolutionDiscover, classify, and protect your data from all threats with the only Gartner Magic Quadrant DLP and Forrester Wave EDR Leader.First and Only Solution to Converge:Data Loss PreventionEndpoint Detection and ResponseUser and Entity Behavior Analytics
Digital Guardian's BlogPopular Topics:
Juliana de Groot
Juliana is a Marketing Operations Specialist at Digital Guardian. Prior to joining DG, she worked at Dell and CarGurus. She graduated Bentley University with a Bachelor of Science in Marketing with a minor in psychology.
Learn about data breach insurance, why it's important, how it works, and what to look for in a policy in the latest Data Protection 101, our series on the fundamentals of information security.
What is cyber insurance? Get a definition, learn why it's important, how it works, best practices, and more in this week's Data Protection 101, our series on the fundamentals of information security.
In this blog, a complement to our , we look back at some of the biggest moments in cybersecurity history from 2009-2019.
What a cloud access security broker, or CASB? Learn about the benefits, best practices, and use cases in this week's Data Protection 101, our series on the fundamentals of information security.
Learn about identity and access management (IAM), how IAM works, and why organizations should have IAM in Data Protection 101, our series on the fundamentals of information security.
As the adage goes, you can't secure what you can't see. With that in mind we asked 21 security experts what they think the best tools and practices for data visibility and monitoring are.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) has become the norm for data privacy in the European Union. What have we learned in the time since its been in effect? We asked 24 data privacy and compliance experts.
We've compiled 101 Data Protection Tips to help you protect your passwords, financial information, and identity online.
Learn about the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and the requirements for HIPAA compliance in Data Protection 101, our series on the fundamentals of information security.
When it comes to cybersecurity, the insurance industry is subject to a range of regulatory issues. Thanks to the wealth of sensitive data they handle, they're also popular targets of hackers. How can insurance firms best mitigate cybersecurity risks? We asked 20 experts. Pages
SUBSCRIBEGet email updates with the latestfrom the Digital Guardian Blog Daily     Weekly  Thank you for subscribing!
↓
©Digital Guardian
All rights reserved.